DIFFERENCE BETWEEN DOCUMENT AND WINDOW OBJECTS:

DOCUMENT:
      A document is an object inside the window object and we use a document object for manipulation inside the document.

      Document is an object which contains the information about the DOM tree which is manipulated by the HTML parser.

      After the Window starts loading there will be an document inside it and all the properties related to that document are stored 
      in the document object.Example of such properties include Title,URL,etc.       
         
      SYNTAX:  window.document.propertyname; (or) document.propertyname;

      It is an object of window.

      The document object is a property of the window object.

      We can not access windows objects properties inside the document.

      Example: document.head will return the Head of the document
     
      HERE SOME OF DOCUMENT OBJECT METHODS:
	
	1. addEventListener() : Attaches an event handler to the document
	
	2. body : Returns the document's body

	3. documentElement : Returns the Document Element of the document

	4. title : Sets or returns the title of the document

	5. URL : Returns the full URL of the HTML document


WINDOW:
      The window is at a root/top level at the JavaScript object hierarchy. It  is a global/root object in JavaScript and it is the   
      root object of the Document object model(DOM);

      The first thing that gets loaded into the browser is the window and the properties related to that window are stored in the 
      window object. Properties related to window objects are length, innerWidth, innerHeight, caches, etc.

      SYNTAX:   window.propertyname;

      It is an object of Browser.

      We can access document object properties inside the window.

      Example: window.document.title will return the title of the document.

      HERE SOME OF WINDOW OBJECT PROPERTIES

	1.document : Returns the Document object for the window.

	2.console : Returns the Console Object for the window.

	3.parent : Returns the parent window of the current window

	4.name : Sets or returns the name of a window

	5.frames : Returns all window objects running in the window.

      HERE ARE SOME OF WINDOW OBJECT METHODS

	1.alert() : Displays an alert box with a message and an OK button

	2.open() : Opens a new browser window

	3.print() : Prints the content of the current window

	4.prompt() : Displays a dialog box that prompts the visitor for input

	5.confirm() : Displays a dialog box with a message and an OK and a Cancel button








